Add support to handle HttpClient options for external routing group selector (#580)
trinodb/trino-gateway: docs/routing-rules.md

* Set `rulesEngineEnabled` to `true`, then `rulesType` as `FILE` or `EXTERNAL`.
* If you set `rulesType: FILE`, then set `rulesConfigPath` to the path to your

>   rules config file.

Reviewer: Please separate a commit for style changes.

logged, and requests are routed using the routing group header
`X-Trino-Routing-Group` as default.

> ### Configuring API Requests with HttpClient Config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Configuring API requests with HTTP client config
```

> You can configure the HttpClient by adding the following configuration to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can configure the HTTP client by adding the following configuration to
```

logged, and requests are routed using the routing group header
`X-Trino-Routing-Group` as default.

### Configuring API Requests with HttpClient Config

> Trino Gateway uses the Airlift HttpClient library when making HTTP requests.

Reviewer: Why do we want to mention the library and the class names?

Author: I thought it might not be obvious, so would be better off to tell them that you need to check Airlift conf, which is slightly different than other http clients

Reviewer: There is no need to mention such names because they are not important in my opinion. Just linking to https://trino.io/docs/current/admin/properties-http-client.html looks sufficient.

Author: Sounds fair enough :)

You can configure the HttpClient by adding the following configuration to

> the `serverConfig:` section with the `router` prefix.

Author: I thought prefix is mandatory because I get this error. 
```
serverConfig:
    node.environment: test
    http-server.http.port: 8080
    http-server.process-forwarded: true
    log.levels-file: log.properties
    # https://trino.io/docs/current/admin/properties-logging.html
    log.max-size: 100MB
    log.max-total-size: 1GB
    log.compression: GZIP
    log.path: var/log/server.log
    http-client.request-timeout: 1s

...

2025-01-10T09:11:02.089+0900    ERROR   main    io.trino.gateway.ha.HaGatewayLauncher   Configuration is invalid
==========

Errors:

1) Configuration property 'http-client.request-timeout' was not used

==========

```

> the `serverConfig:` section with the `router` prefix.

Reviewer 2: Thanks, I guess this has changed since I last tested it

logged, and requests are routed using the routing group header
`X-Trino-Routing-Group` as default.

### Configuring API Requests with HttpClient Config

Trino Gateway uses the Airlift HttpClient library when making HTTP requests.
You can configure the HttpClient by adding the following configuration to
the `serverConfig:` section with the `router` prefix.

```yaml
serverConfig:
    router.http-client.request-timeout: 1s
```

> Please refer to the [Trino HTTP Client properties](

Reviewer: Client -> client
